So this authentication form is of course managed in the off page and there thus far.
I have my eye list with my email in there my email input.
I will actually keep that e-mail input there but that is of course not all at once.
I also want a second eye an item and remember you should wrap your labels and inputs in items to get
some extra styling and behavior like that floating label.
It will also be important for validation and correctly showing when there is an error in the input.
So definitely use an item here and then I'll add another item label where I say password and dad label
should also have a position of floating below that we can use or we can add our ion input which should
be of type password.
Now the first 1000 have a type.
We could set one to text but that is the default anyways.
So now we have a password input and we have a text input that is pretty nice.
Now I also want an extra button that allows me to toggle between sign up and sign in mode.
So between logging in and signing up and they offer I'll add another button here where I say switch
to log in.
Though we will set this text dynamically student because of course that should say switch to sign up
if we're in log in mode already and they're all use color of primary.
But I'll set the fill mode to clear which basically make sure that we only have to text and nothing
else.
Now if we save that and we let this page reload this is when we get not too bad but also not entirely
what I want.
I also want the buttons to be beneath each other and not sit next to job rest a do here.
And of course there are various ways of achieving that.
We can simply wrap then into divs for example.
You could also manually styled them via C as s and turn them to block buttons or here we can actually
take advantage of another attribute ionic allows us to set on an on button and that's the X bond attribute
and you can set this to block or two full now if you set this to full this takes the entire line and
the difference between block and fall becomes pretty clear.
Once I do the same on the other button if I set this to full.
You see now it looks like this.
And if I set this to block
it looks to say right.
Not entirely one difference you'll note is the corners with block with rounded corners here.
As you can see if I switches back to full you will see we have no rounded corners no the rounded corners
are not the only difference it becomes clearer if I go to my second button here and a gift is a fill
of not clear but of outline to make sure that this is a button without a background color but with a
border and you seem for full there is no left to right border because the idea behind full is that it
takes the full width of the container.
Now here we just happened to have some padding set on our content which is why this button doesn't take
the full page width but if you would have this in some other container that does take the full page
width then with X pond full you take that full width with X pond block on the other end.
You also take that full width but you leave a little bit of spacing on the left or right and you keep
your left or right borders.
So this just as a button it takes the full width but looks like a normal button otherwise full is a
special button that takes the full width and is also styled to be a seamless button going from left
to right without clear borders you could say no I'll remove fill outline here but I'll keep X blob on
block here and I'll also set X bond block on the first button and therefore we now have two buttons
that simply take the full entire width off their parent container and therefore they are now positioned
beneath each other.
Now I also will wrap that in a grid here so I'll add iron grid and with iron Ro and iron coal because
I want to control my sizes and I'll set a size on a medium sized or bigger screens of 6 and I'll Offset
helps offset MDL Frieda forward to center this and in that column I'll add this list here and then I'll
add another row below that with another column with the same rules.
So therefore we can of course just copy them if you want like that.
And in this column I'll have my two buttons here like that.
And now with that we should have the same look here on the mobile device.
That shouldn't change but on bigger screens as I expand this this doesn't take the full screen size
and maybe we can even start at small screens.
Now to think about this.
So let me change this to sizes M and offset S M on both iron columns here so that we actually already
take less width on well smaller screens like this one because they are I think it's old enough if it's
centered in the middle.
Yeah that should be OK.
And on mobile devices it still looks the way it did.
So these are the visuals.
That is how our 4 looks like now it's time to also make sure it works like a form.